Mom
Forget it, save me some face
Sorry.
I'm not lucky.
I wish you happiness
Li Dongjie
Don't you go?
What are you doing in a hurry?
brother
Do you have any orders?
I plan to remove Li Jia Yunchen
Do you have an opinion?
I have an opinion, and even you are famous together
Brother, no need
What, you don't think it counts?
Hu Zhuang, how can I say that you are also a child of our Li family?
You have to help the Li family
What do you mean, I'm a child of the Li family?
You forget that you had a new love when I was a few years old
Divorce my mother and send me out of the Li family
To the outside world, I am the wife of the Li family
Did you say that I embarrassed the Li family?
It's all my dad's fault
Dad is wrong
Dad, you are now the heir to the Lee family
Ha ha.
Do you think my energy
Would care about the position of a mere heir
Dad knows you don't care
But Dad wants to give you the director
It's the sincerity of Dad's apology
Since you decided to let Li Dongjie
The day I became heir to the Lee family
This is the beginning of the decline of the Li family
Do you remember how the Qin Dynasty fell?
Because they killed the prince
Chosen Qin II
Xuan Feng Zai
Immediately order the Kowloon Group
Fully and completely ban Yunchen Li Jia
In three minutes, I will make Li Jia famous in Yunchen
Don't you want it?
No, you are Dad's hard work
Dad, please
And I said, "Okay.
You'd better bring your second wife and young son
Go to the mountains to spend your old age in peace
Hahahaha sir